README.md, before:

# Modern-Python-Files
These are more modern python files I've created.

### What these files do
- <b>analyze_excel.py</b>: Reads the values from an Excel spreadsheet.

- <b>clip_mp4.py</b>: Clips a section of an mp4 clip.

- <b>delete_sims.py</b>: Tool to help delete unused XCode simulators that are taking up space.

- <b>download_yt_songs.py</b>: Downloads videos from a YouTube playlist as mp3 files.

- <b>example.xlsx</b>: A sample Excel spreadsheet that's used in the read_excel.py program.

- <b>find_color_codes</b>: Find the color codes in a given image.

- <b>flash_drive_controller.py</b>: A program to help you easily perform various tasks with a flash drive.

- <b>generate_qr_code.py</b>: A program to generate a QR Code for a link.

- <b>Get_YT_Playlist</b>: A program that downloads every video from from a youtube playlist.

- <b>install_yt-dlp</b>: A program to help with the [youtube downloader](https://github.com/ytdl-org/youtube-dl) installation process. 

- <b>NameStatsUPDATED</b>: A more cleanly written version of the original [NameStats](https://github.com/MichaelT-178/Ancient-Python-Files/blob/main/NameStats.py) program that I made my when I started coding. The original can be found in the Ancient-Python-Files repository.

- <b>og_main_algorithm.py</b>: The original main algorithm I used for the [Livestream Directory](https://github.com/MichaelT-178/LivestreamDirectory). After Corey stopped live streaming I rewrote it in C# to add new features, make it more organized, try out a new language, etc. I created this algorithm in Summer 2022 and used it up until about Fall 2023.

- <b>read_excel.py</b>: Read's the data of an excel spreadsheet.

- <b>read_file.py</b>: Super simple file for whenever I need to read a txt file.

- <b>read.txt</b>: is the txt file that read_file.py uses.

- <b>replace_image_color.py</b>: Replace a color in an image with another color.

- <b>rescale_image.py</b>: Rescales and saves an image. 

- <b>send_email.py</b>: Sends an email using python

- <b>TikTok_Downloader.py</b>: A [tiktok-downloader](https://github.com/n0l3r/tiktok-downloader) wrapper that help makes downloading TikTok videos faster, easier, and less complicated. Fetches the website link, pastes it to your clipboard, allows you to rename the mp4 file, and then saves it to the correct directory.

- <b>videos.json</b>: An output file created by the Get_YT_Playlist.py file. It works by the python program getting all the links, titles, and lengths of the videos from a youtube playlist, then writing the info to this JSON file. The user then opens this json file and decides what intervals of the videos they want to download and they can change the title of the video that will be downloaded.

- <b>youtube_api_helper.py</b>: Utilizes the YouTube Data API v3 to perform various tasks since pytube is deprecated.

- <b>YT_downloader_helper</b> A CLI wrapper tool that I built to simplify the process of downloading YouTube videos and clipping them.

Commit message:

Updated Clip_mp4 and alternate

README.md, after:

# Modern-Python-Files
These are more modern python files I've created.

### What these files do
- <b>analyze_excel.py</b>: Reads the values from an Excel spreadsheet.

- <b>clip_mp4_alternate.py</b>: Clips a section of an mp4 clip using moviepy. 

- <b>clip_mp4.py</b>: Clips a section of an mp4 clip using ffmpeg.

- <b>delete_sims.py</b>: Tool to help delete unused XCode simulators that are taking up space.

- <b>download_yt_songs.py</b>: Downloads videos from a YouTube playlist as mp3 files.

- <b>example.xlsx</b>: A sample Excel spreadsheet that's used in the read_excel.py program.

- <b>find_color_codes</b>: Find the color codes in a given image.

- <b>flash_drive_controller.py</b>: A program to help you easily perform various tasks with a flash drive.

- <b>generate_qr_code.py</b>: A program to generate a QR Code for a link.

- <b>Get_YT_Playlist</b>: A program that downloads every video from from a youtube playlist.

- <b>install_yt-dlp</b>: A program to help with the [youtube downloader](https://github.com/ytdl-org/youtube-dl) installation process. 

- <b>NameStatsUPDATED</b>: A more cleanly written version of the original [NameStats](https://github.com/MichaelT-178/Ancient-Python-Files/blob/main/NameStats.py) program that I made my when I started coding. The original can be found in the Ancient-Python-Files repository.

- <b>og_main_algorithm.py</b>: The original main algorithm I used for the [Livestream Directory](https://github.com/MichaelT-178/LivestreamDirectory). After Corey stopped live streaming I rewrote it in C# to add new features, make it more organized, try out a new language, etc. I created this algorithm in Summer 2022 and used it up until about Fall 2023.

- <b>read_excel.py</b>: Read's the data of an excel spreadsheet.

- <b>read_file.py</b>: Super simple file for whenever I need to read a txt file.

- <b>read.txt</b>: is the txt file that read_file.py uses.

- <b>replace_image_color.py</b>: Replace a color in an image with another color.

- <b>rescale_image.py</b>: Rescales and saves an image. 

- <b>send_email.py</b>: Sends an email using python

- <b>TikTok_Downloader.py</b>: A [tiktok-downloader](https://github.com/n0l3r/tiktok-downloader) wrapper that help makes downloading TikTok videos faster, easier, and less complicated. Fetches the website link, pastes it to your clipboard, allows you to rename the mp4 file, and then saves it to the correct directory.

- <b>videos.json</b>: An output file created by the Get_YT_Playlist.py file. It works by the python program getting all the links, titles, and lengths of the videos from a youtube playlist, then writing the info to this JSON file. The user then opens this json file and decides what intervals of the videos they want to download and they can change the title of the video that will be downloaded.

- <b>youtube_api_helper.py</b>: Utilizes the YouTube Data API v3 to perform various tasks since pytube is deprecated.

- <b>YT_downloader_helper</b> A CLI wrapper tool that I built to simplify the process of downloading YouTube videos and clipping them.
